Shut up
Fengtian carried the emperor's edict
Student Qin Feng has quick thinking
Good at reasoning
The court cracked the case of Zhang Jiazong
Credit to the court
Special order for Qin Feng to enter the country as a doctor of mechanics
Please don't untie it soon.
Doctor Bloody
There are products in the court
Start laughing
Chen Qingfeng thanked the holy grace
Lord Hu
First time as an official
One thing is unknown
Please also ask Lord Hu to clarify his doubts
Mr. Qin, please speak
Dare to ask Lord Hu to collude with the powerful
frame Shangguan
lynching
What crime
I will die
Lord Zhang, please bring this matter to light
It is not enough for such evil officials not to punish severely
Don't worry, Lord Hu is very brave
Just dared to attack this officer
I will reveal everything here to the Holy Spirit
Xiaguan knows wrong
Please give the next official a chance
The villain knows it's wrong
Please give the two adults another chance.
As for you